TODO: Reflect on what you learned this week and what is still unclear.
I initially found the IOexamples and json content extremely confusing, but after working on it and slowly figuring it out, it seems to make much more sense to me. Exercise one was definitely the most challenging so for (and time consuming). I managed to read and use the data in get_some_details fine, but I only properly understood what it was doing after the pokedex. I found the word pyramid the easiest as it didnt include the json or file writing which I struggled to wrap my head around. The pokedex and the diarist were the two most challenging parts, however the diarist took alot more research and trial and error. I got stuck on the pokedex as I was first calling the URL twice instead of grabbing the neccesary information once and using it hard coded into VSCODE, and I also got stuck by my max_index value not alligning with the inputs the test was giving (max_index + 1 instead of max_index + low). As a result of that mistake, my index was working for 1-5 but not for the test variables. HOWEVER this didnt matter at all as (with the help of ben) I removed the part that needed to add to index and the second URL. For the diarist, the code ended up being very simple but it took significantly more research into docs than the previous ones. I was woefully over-complicating this originally and then realised it was decievingly simple. One of my biggest stumbling blocks on diarist was writing a json file for lasers.pew instead of just writing a normal file. So my str(integer) was writing as["6"] instead of 6.