TODO: Reflect on what you learned this week and what is still unclear.

This week we started by learning simple number additions in order to grasp the logic of the code. Whilst this was simple it was quite helpful to figure out why the code does what it does and what you need to input to achieve certain outputs. The next exercise of writing what I thought would happen versus what would happens was difficult as I hadn't grasped how loops worked yet, however by practically doing it through trial and error in exercise 3 I could come back to exercise 1 and understand where my confusions happened in the test loops. The problem solving is the hardest part for me and learning how to use the syntax to solve a problem. I learnt that a lot of the time, especially coming from a previous Java course, the final product is a lot simpler than the first drafts, and most of the time my code can be reduced quite a bit, however I would put this down to me understanding the syntax but struggling with the problem solving aspect, so I over compensate with unecesary code instead of efficient problem solving. Once I figure out how the problem can be solved, putting the code together and revising it over makes a lot more sense than when I started. The star pyramid loop was originally significantly longer than it needed to be until I realised I could just use loops for each aspect instead of setting pre-determined variables and using if statements, but the simple math involved in the loops is what stumped me, I can pick up the syntax fast but the rest comes quite slow, so it took a lot of starring blankly at the computer and hoping something would click in my head, which it eventually did.  (I hope this made sense sorry if its a bit all over, it was a brain draining week) In terms of what is still unclear, not much, I feel  confident with what these loops do, its just a matter of practising it and making it concrete in my mind, and grasping how I can reduce an overcomplicated script into a more efficient one with just understanding the logic of what i'm trying to do a bit better 